README.md, before:

## Hi! I'm Heitor José Tessaro. 

## About Me
I am passionate about innovation, science, and technology, as these are the foundations for developing a better world.

My journey involved the technical and academic areas. The desire to discover and develop new solutions led me to work as a researcher. Working as a researcher made me develop skills in management, time management, and learning to learn.

Most projects I participated in as a researcher had as objective develop software solutions. These experiences motivated me to make a career transition to the development area, leading me to join the Trybe Full-Stack Web Development course.

In parallel with my studies in the last year, I have been working as a technical writer, developing, editing, revising technical manuals, and creating technical content.

Since 2021 I have been developing front-end and back-end projects using HTML, CSS, Javascript, Tailwind, React, Redux, automated tests with Jest, NodeJS, Python, databases like MySQL, Git, Docker, and Agile Methodology ( Kanban, Scrum ).

## My Portfolio
You can access [my portfolio with this link](https://portifolio-heitortessaro.vercel.app/). The page is under constant development. If you have any feedback, please, let me know.

## My GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/heitortessaro">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=heitortessaro&show_icons=true&theme=dark&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=heitortessaro&layout=compact&langs_count=7&theme=dark"/>
</div>
  
## Technologies I've Worked With
  <div style="display: inline_block"></div> 
  <h3>Lenguages & Frameworks 💻</h3>
  <div>
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Js" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-HTML" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-CSS" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Python" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Matlab" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/matlab/matlab-original.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-node" height="40" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-typescript" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg"> 
    
  </div> 
  <div>
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-React" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Redux" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Jest" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jest/jest-plain.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Bootstrap" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-tailwind" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-plain.svg"> 
    </div> 
    <div>
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-express" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-mocha" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mocha/mocha-plain.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-mysql" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-plain-wordmark.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-sequelize" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sequelize/sequelize-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-docker" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-plain.svg"> 

  </div> 
  <h3>Tools and Services 🔧</h3>
  <div>
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Linux" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Github" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/github/github-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-VScode" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Slack" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/slack/slack-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Notion" height="30" width="30" src="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR_fH1qG1a-fhRUSzhzQ153ylhL65pCsBvfwQ9QxmImGg&s">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-heroku" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/heroku/heroku-original-wordmark.svg"> 
  </div>

 ## Contact
<div style="display: inline_block">  
  <a href = "mailto:heitor.j.tessaro@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/heitortessaro" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> 
  <a href="https://trybecourse.slack.com/team/U02L4SMMNGN" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> 
</div>

Commit message:

Add link to Trybe Project Organizer

README.md, after:

## Hi! I'm Heitor José Tessaro. 

## About Me
I am passionate about innovation, science, and technology, as these are the foundations for developing a better world.

My journey involved the technical and academic areas. The desire to discover and develop new solutions led me to work as a researcher. Working as a researcher made me develop skills in management, time management, and learning to learn.

Most projects I participated in as a researcher had as objective develop software solutions. These experiences motivated me to make a career transition to the development area, leading me to join the Trybe Full-Stack Web Development course.

In parallel with my studies in the last year, I have been working as a technical writer, developing, editing, revising technical manuals, and creating technical content.

Since 2021 I have been developing front-end and back-end projects using HTML, CSS, Javascript, Tailwind, React, Redux, automated tests with Jest, NodeJS, Python, databases like MySQL, Git, Docker, and Agile Methodology ( Kanban, Scrum ).

## My Portfolio
You can access [my portfolio with this link](https://portifolio-heitortessaro.vercel.app/). The page is under constant development. If you have any feedback, please, let me know.

You can also find the list of projects I have developed during the Web Development course at Trybe using this [link](https://github.com/heitortessaro/trybe-projects-organizer/blob/main/README.md). The Readme file contains the links for each GitHub project, a brief description, and the main technologies used. (The list is not finished)

## My GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/heitortessaro">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=heitortessaro&show_icons=true&theme=dark&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=heitortessaro&layout=compact&langs_count=7&theme=dark"/>
</div>
  
## Technologies I've Worked With
  <div style="display: inline_block"></div> 
  <h3>Lenguages & Frameworks 💻</h3>
  <div>
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Js" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-HTML" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-CSS" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Python" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Matlab" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/matlab/matlab-original.svg">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-node" height="40" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-typescript" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg"> 
    
  </div> 
  <div>
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-React" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Redux" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Jest" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jest/jest-plain.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Bootstrap" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-tailwind" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-plain.svg"> 
    </div> 
    <div>
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-express" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-mocha" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mocha/mocha-plain.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-mysql" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-plain-wordmark.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-sequelize" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sequelize/sequelize-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-docker" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-plain.svg"> 

  </div> 
  <h3>Tools and Services 🔧</h3>
  <div>
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Linux" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Github" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/github/github-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-VScode" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Slack" height="30" width="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/slack/slack-original.svg"> 
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-Notion" height="30" width="30" src="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR_fH1qG1a-fhRUSzhzQ153ylhL65pCsBvfwQ9QxmImGg&s">
    <img align="center" alt="Heitor-heroku" height="40" width="30" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/heroku/heroku-original-wordmark.svg"> 
  </div>

 ## Contact
<div style="display: inline_block">  
  <a href = "mailto:heitor.j.tessaro@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/heitortessaro" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> 
  <a href="https://trybecourse.slack.com/team/U02L4SMMNGN" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> 
</div>
